Hello, everyone.
I'm so glad that you are here.
Welcome to my new course module, Amazon Elastic Container Service.
ESC Deep Drive.
It's a highly secure, reliable and scalable way to run your containers.
Now it is Amazon.
ECS is a very demanding topic and believe me, after the completion of this course with proper
dedication, you can easily boost up your career.
Now, let me tell you in a very simple way, when you will take this course, you have lot of things
to learn about Amazon ECS cluster so that you can easily apply for a job and you will get a job.
My name is Shikhar Verma and I'm the instructor of this course.
I have been in the IT industry for more than 14 years.
I got an opportunity to work for many respected companies.
My passion is to create online job oriented certified courses.
I have been teaching over to 60,000 students online.
I teach in a very simple language.
I don't assume that, you know, a little bit or more about the topic.
I will actually hold your hand every step of the way throughout the course.
So in this course module, I have tried my best to cover almost all the topics of AWS.
ECS cluster with a practical approach.
Don't take my word for it.
Look at the reviews which I have received on my various courses.
I keep on updating my courses from time to time.
If you have any concerns, suggestions or query, you can put it into the question answer forum of this
course module.
You can also write to me directly as well.
I hope by now you are convinced.
Still, if you have any doubts, you have the policy.
30 days money back guarantee.
So I ready for the challenge?
If yes, then enroll the course today only and let's run together.
Thank you.